frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped
with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and
load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions
are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use
the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme)
from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add thirdweb frontend next js app

frontend/README.md, after:

## Getting Started

Create a project using this example:

```bash
npx thirdweb create --template next-typescript-starter
```

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

On `pages/_app.tsx`, you'll find our `ThirdwebProvider` wrapping your app, this is necessary for our [hooks](https://portal.thirdweb.com/react) and
[UI Components](https://portal.thirdweb.com/ui-components) to work.

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add environment variables. Check the `.env.example` file for all the environment variables required and add it to `.env.local` file or set them up on your hosting provider.

## Deploy to IPFS

Deploy a copy of your application to IPFS using the following command:

```bash
yarn deploy
```

## Learn More

To learn more about thirdweb and Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [thirdweb React Documentation](https://docs.thirdweb.com/react) - learn about our React SDK.
- [thirdweb TypeScript Documentation](https://docs.thirdweb.com/typescript) - learn about our JavaScript/TypeScript SDK.
- [thirdweb Portal](https://docs.thirdweb.com) - check our guides and development resources.
- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Templates](https://thirdweb.com/templates)

You can check out [the thirdweb GitHub organization](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Join our Discord!

For any questions, suggestions, join our discord at [https://discord.gg/thirdweb](https://discord.gg/thirdweb).
